##  ICP-React-Starter

  

Welcome to your new ICP-React-Starter project! This project is a customized version of the Internet Computer React starter project.

  

###  Getting started

  

To get started, clone the repository and install the dependencies:

  

```bash

git  clone  https://github.com/Mustafa-Siddique/icp_react_starter.git

cd  icp_react_starter

npm  install
```
  

## Running locally

### To run the project locally, start the replica and deploy the canisters:

  

# Starts the replica, running in the background

dfx  start  --background

  

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface

dfx  deploy

  
  

Once  the  job  completes,  your  application  will  be  available  at  `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

  

### Frontend development

  

To  start  the  frontend  development  server,  run:

  

```bash
npm  start
```
  
  

This  will  start  a  server  at  `http://localhost:8080`,  proxying  API  requests  to  the  replica  at  port  4943.

  

### Production deployment

  

To  deploy  your  project  to  production,  you  will  need  to  create  an  account  on  the  Internet  Computer  and  create  a  new  identity.  Once  you  have  done  this,  you  can  deploy  your  canisters  to  the  Internet  Computer  using  the  following  command:

  

```bash
dfx  canister  deploy  --network  ic
```
  
  

Once  your  canisters  are  deployed,  you  will  need  to  update  the  `dfx.json`  file  to  point  to  the  production  replica.  You  can  do  this  by  setting  the  `DFX_NETWORK`  environment  variable  to  `ic`.

  

## Customization

  

This  project  has  been  customized  in  the  following  ways:

  

* The frontend code has been converted from JavaScript to TypeScript.

* The Webpack configuration has been updated to support TypeScript.

* The `dfx.json`  file  has  been  updated  to  include  a  `tsconfig.json`  file.

* The `package.json`  file  has  been  updated  to  include  the  necessary  TypeScript  dependencies.

  

## Additional notes

  

* If you are making changes to the backend canister, you will need to generate a new candid interface before starting the frontend development server. You can do  this  by  running  the  following  command:

  

```bash
npm  run  generate
```
  
  

* If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

  

*  set  `DFX_NETWORK`  to  `ic`  if  you  are  using  Webpack

*  use  your  own  preferred  method  to  replace  `process.env.DFX_NETWORK`  in the autogenerated declarations

*  Write  your  own  `createActor`  constructor

  

## Contributing

  

If  you  would  like  to  contribute  to  this  project,  please  feel  free  to  open  a  pull  request.  All  contributions  are  welcome!

  
  

You  can  also  add  additional  sections  to  your  README.md  file,  such  as  a  section  on  the  project  architecture,  a  section  on  the  testing  framework,  or  a  section  on  the  deployment  process.

  

* Sources

github.com/dfinity/examples  subject  to  license (Apache -  2.0)

github.com/krpeacock/dfx-0.8.4-starter

github.com/olooeez/mastermind  subject  to  license (MIT)